---
layout: post
title: "The 2019 Kia Cerato is listed for sale at 650 million VND - higher than the new car"
description: My Cars.
image: 'https://d1eip2zddc2vdv.cloudfront.net/dphotos/750x400/16265-1528190728.jpg'
category: ''
tags:
- NEWS CAR
introduction:

---
A person who specializes in buying and selling used cars in Ho Chi Minh City is selling a Kia Cerato Deluxe for VND 650 million. The new car rolls 7,000 km, and attaches a dashcam. The price offered by the person is 15 million higher than the listing price of 635 million dong at the genuine agent.


However, to get a white sign, the car owner had to spend more than 76 million. The buyer of the vehicle only costs a registration fee of 2% of the value of the car after deducting depreciation, equivalent to about 11 million VND. Doing a simple economic problem, buyers will save about 50 million if buying this car.

However, the new car has traveled 7,000 km, is still quite new and the style is not outdated in the next few years. Kia Cerato Deluxe 2019 uses Gamma 1.6L gasoline engine, producing 128 horsepower and 157 Nm of torque. 6-speed automatic transmission and front drive system.

Featuring technology featured on the Kia Cerato Deluxe with lens halogen lamps, automatic on / off headlamps, LED daytime running lights and 17-inch wheels. Inside is equipped with 10-way power driver's seat, sunroof, 2-zone automatic air conditioning, rear door air vents, entertainment system integrated navigation map, hands-free conversation, button start. ...

The safety technology of Korean cars always overwhelms the opponent, the Cerato Deluxe has ABS, EBD, BA, electronic balance, sloping departure, automatic throttle, front-and-back parking sensor, reversing camera and 2 airbag systems.