---
layout: post
title: "Mazda CX-8 suddenly drops price, increasing competitiveness against Hyundai Santa Fe"
description: My Cars.
image: 'https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/48988404213_0c361108a1_b.jpg'
category: ''
tags:
- NEWS CAR
introduction:

---

After 4 months from the first sale, Mazda CX-8 for the first time discounted. The CX-8 Premium and Luxury versions are reduced 20-40 million. However, this offer is valid from October 19 until October 31, 2019.

Specifically, Mazda CX-8 Luxury decreased from VND 1,199 billion to VND 1,159 billion. The CX-8 Premium version drops from VND 1,349 billion to VND 1,329 billion. The CX-8 Deluxe and Premium AWD models remain at VND 1,149 billion and VND 1,399 billion. In particular, the Deluxe version is still in the state of receiving orders but not delivered in this year.

Hyundai Santa Fe, on the other hand, has not had a price reduction since its launch in January 2019. The Santa Fe is considered a competitor of the CX-8 in the price range, although these two models are not really in the same segment. Santa Fe is a 5 + 2-seater car, while the CX-8 has a spacious interior that can accommodate 7 seats.

In terms of sales, Hyundai Santa Fe is growing well, while Mazda CX-8 tends to decline. The sales gap between these two SUVs is increasing. In September 2019, Santa Fe sold more than double the CX-8, with sales of these two models 722 and 307 vehicles, respectively. In the previous August, Santa Fe sales were still significantly higher than the CX-8 (616 cars and 410 cars).

Mazda CX-8 debuted in late June 2019. THACO wants the CX-8 to replace the CX-9 - once imported from Japan - in the 7-seater SUV category for just half the price. CX-8 is a locally assembled product.

The highlight of CX-8 is safety technology. Considered to be the most technologically advanced SUV in the segment, the CX-8 has features such as blind spot warning, rear cross-traffic alert, lane departure warning and lane-keeping assist. emergency assistance and brake assist (both forward and backward) and 360-degree camera. The interior and exterior design of the CX-8 is very similar to that of the CX-5 and includes several improvements such as Nappa leather seats, 3-zone automatic climate control and seat heating. This model only has a 2.5 liter petrol engine.