---
layout: post
title: "Up to Rs 2.55 lakh off on the Honda CR-V, City, Civic, Amaze, Jazz and more"
description: My Cars.
image: 'http://article.images.consumerreports.org/prod/content/dam/cro/news_articles/cars/CR-Cars-Inline-2017-Honda-CR-V-f-ATC-11-2016.jpg'
category: ''
tags:
- CAR REVIEWS
introduction:

---

Amidst the industry-wide slowdown in sales, Honda dealerships are now offering massive discounts on select models and attractive benefits on others. Except for Honda’s flagship Accord sedan in India, and the Brio hatchback, all other hatchbacks, sedans and SUVs in Honda India’s range have discounts on offer. Here’s how much you could save in the month of July on your new Honda car.

Honda CR-V
Save up to Rs 2.55 lakh

Now in its fifth generation, the Honda CR-V is now available for the first time in India with a seven-seat option and a diesel motor. While the 156hp, 2.0-litre petrol engine and CVT-automatic combination continued unchanged from the previous-gen model, the new CR-V also got a 120hp, 1.6-litre diesel motor mated to a 9-speed automatic gearbox. The SUV has also moved slightly more upmarket now, with previous rivals like the Hyundai Tucson undercutting the Honda by a significant margin. Dealers are now offering up to Rs 2.55 lakh off on 2018 and 2019 model-year diesel CR-Vs.

Honda BR-V
Save up to Rs 1.15 lakh

The Honda BRV, the automaker’s only other seven-seater, is available with 119hp, 1.5-litre petrol and 100hp, 1.5-litre diesel engine options. The former has 5-speed manual and CVT gearbox options while the diesel gets a 6-speed manual transmission as standard. While its MPV-like image and higher asking price (when stood up alongside comparable MPVs) marks it down, the Honda BR-V is nonetheless a good choice for those who need the extra space and prefer to drive themselves. Buyers can now avail benefits up to Rs 1.15 lakh, including an exchange bonus and accessories worth Rs 26,500.

Honda City
Save up to Rs 67,000

A rival to the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz and Hyundai Verna, Honda’s midsize sedan is equipped with the same engine-gearbox options as the BR-V – the 1.5-litre petrol with manual and CVT options and the 1.5-litre diesel with its 6-speed manual transmission. Its cabin area is comfortable and inviting, although quality is a bit of a mixed bag and prices are on the higher side. Still, it’s a great buy – made better now, with discounts of up to Rs 67,000 which includes an exchange bonus of about Rs 30,000.

Honda Jazz
Save up to Rs 55,000

A spacious, well-equipped premium hatchback, the Honda Jazz shares its noisy-yet-efficient 1.5-litre diesel engine with the likes of the City and BR-V and also has the option of a 90hp, 1.2-litre petrol motor with 5-speed manual and CVT gearbox options. In a bid to be more competitively priced against rivals like the Maruti Suzuki Baleno and Hyundai i20, Honda dealers are now offering benefits up to Rs 50,000, including a cash discount and an exchange bonus.

Honda WR-V
Save up to Rs 50,000

The Jazz’s cross-hatch counterpart, the Honda WR-V, shares its engine option with its hatchback sibling, but misses out on the petrol-automatic option. The higher-spec VX variant is quite well-equipped and the highlights of the Jazz are retained in the WR-V – namely the spacious cabin. Potential buyers of the WR-V could avail benefits of up to Rs 50,000 on both, the petrol and the diesel options.

Honda Amaze
Save up to Rs 47,000

The second-generation Amaze compact sedan showed significant improvement over its predecessor in every way. The Maruti Suzuki Dzire and Hyundai Xcent rival is available with four engine-gearbox combinations – a 1.2-litre petrol engine with manual and CVT gearbox options and a 1.5-litre diesel motor with manual and CVT-automatic options. If one negotiates well, the Honda Amaze can be had for more than the Rs 47,000 discount (including an extended warranty pack and an exchange bonus) that the dealers are currently offering buyers.

Honda Civic
Save up to Rs 30,000

The Civic is back in India after nearly a 6-year hiatus. Now in its 10th generation, the Honda Civic gets the option of a diesel engine (the same 120hp unit available on the CR-V, albeit without the 9-speed automatic ‘box) and the same 141hp, 1.8-litre petrol-CVT combination which was available earlier. Despite both engines being on the duller end of the spectrum, the Civic is a fun-to-drive alternative to the likes of the Skoda Octavia and Hyundai Elantra, thanks to its keen handling and pliant ride setup. Both engine options can now be bought with benefits of up to Rs 30,000.