---
layout: post
title: "2020 Hyundai Palisade first drive review"
description: My Cars.
image: 'https://www.automoblog.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Large-34835-2020Palisade-750x400.jpg'
category: ''
tags:
- CAR REVIEWS
introduction:

---

The three-row crossover and SUV segment is one of the key battlegrounds in the current war of automotive attrition. As industry-wide sales volumes continue to decline, automakers are doubling down on producing competitive entries in segments like this one to secure market share and maintain profitability.

Some manufacturers were in a better position to tackle the consumer pivot to crossovers and SUVs than others. Hyundai found itself on the losing end of that equation for several years. While its sedan and small-car-heavy lineup was its salvation during the recession, that strategy became a liability as the recovery prompted buyers to go big again.

Over the past two years, Hyundai has rallied. By both improving its existing product and introducing impressive new models (such as the Hyundai Kona), the Korean powerhouse is returning to its decade-old stride.

The 2020 Hyundai Palisade is the pinnacle of that shift. This three-row crossover, available in seven and eight-passenger configurations, sits atop the Hyundai lineup as its most comfortable, feature-rich and family-friendly offering.

The Palisade comes in three trims. The $31,550 SE comes standard with eight-passenger seating. The $33,500 SEL model can be had with second-row captain’s chairs or the standard bench (for no charge) and adds safety and convenience features. The top of the range is the Limited, which bakes in everything available on the SEL and adds some exclusive niceties. Limited tops out at $44,700 and packs a ton of value at that price point. All-wheel-drive is available on every model.

INTERIOR AND EXTERIOR DESIGN
It’s important to note that the Hyundai Palisade shares a great deal of its underlying body structure and mechanical layout with its corporate sibling, the also-new Kia Telluride. Both are built using the same platform architecture and utilize the same engine and driveline.

While there are inevitable similarities in their proportions, it’s important to note that the Palisade and Telluride were designed, inside and out, by entirely independent studios. Think of it as two sculptors starting with identical chunks of marble but with completely different artistic visions.Hyundai’s design team wanted something bold and strong, but with an underlying elegance that belies its value-oriented pricing. Senior Chief Designer Chris Chapman walked us through the Palisade’s exterior design, explaining the emphasis his team placed on interlocking and interweaving elements.

Prominent examples include the headlight and fog-lamp elements up front, which run “under” the bumper cover, making it appear that the body elements have clamped over the lights. On the Palisade’s flanks, the chrome trim pieces around the window terminate at the C-pillar and do not meet. This intentional trick is an example of the interlocking theme, as the lines form two hooks. Out back, we see the contiguous lighting trick yet again, with the lower reflector and lighting trim appearing as a continuation of the inner tail lamp housings.Inside, the themes are more subtle. Our Limited-trim test models featured Nappa leather seating and leatherette trim elements (including quilted inserts in the doors) for an upscale, elegant look. Aluminum-finish trim pieces tie together the center console with the wings of the dashboard and the door speaker grilles on the Harman Kardon premium audio system. The Palisade’s push-button, shift-by-wire transmission allows for a floating center console with a large storage bin underneath.

Unlike the Hyundai Santa Fe XL it usurps, the Palisade boasts 18 cubic feet of rear cargo space even with the third-row seats deployed. Drop the third row and that increases to an impressive 45.8 cubic feet. Vehicles equipped with the second-row captain’s chairs also offer quite a bit of space in the aisle between those seats for road trip accessories such as small coolers, tote bags or backpacks.TECH FEATURES
Building an attractive, comfortable car is only part of the equation when it comes to winning over family shoppers in today’s marketplace. Tech is important, and Hyundai has embraced that paradigm. The Palisade SE comes standard with an 8” touchscreen interface with Android Auto and Apple CarPlay integration (which, by necessity, includes USB connections) and a monochrome cluster information screen. Standard driver aids include forward collision detection and braking assist (including pedestrian detection), lane keeping assist, a driver attention monitoring system and rear occupant alert. Wireless device charging is also available for those with enabled smartphones.

Stepping up to the SEL allows you to option the convenience package, which adds third-row USB outlets (bringing the total to seven in a 3+2+2 configuration), a seven-inch multi-function cluster display and a hands-free smart liftgate. Blind-spot monitoring with collision avoidance assist, rear cross-traffic detection with avoidance assist and safe exit assist (which keeps doors secured when rear passengers attempt to exit while a vehicle is approaching from the rear) are also included.