---
layout: post
title: "2019 Hyundai Kona final AWD review"
description: My Cars.
image: 'https://www.automoblog.net/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Large-34005-2019SantaFe-750x400.jpg'
category: ''
tags:
- CAR REVIEWS
introduction:

---

It may appear as if the category clown, however Hyundai’s Kona may be a serious student

Whether it’s a lot of product area or the supply of all-wheel drive, the explanations for getting a crossover appear to be all regarding usefulness. however it are often the maximum amount of Associate in Nursing emotional call as a sensible one. patrons wish one thing a lot of exciting than a standard sedan or hatchback.

Many crossovers fail to deliver on it promise. they’ll be even as boring because the cars they currently handily outsell, with worse ratio and handling, to boot. That’s not at all the case with the 2019 Hyundai Kona.

Hyundai swung for the fences with the Kona’s exterior styling, making a vehicle that appears like nothing else on the road. however will the Kona have substance to match its style? to search out out, we have a tendency to grabbed the key fob to a range-topping final AWD model. With Associate in Nursing as-tested value of $30,005 (including destination) our Kona was a giant maximize from the bottom front-wheel drive Kona SE, that starts at $20,970. however the last word model gets numerous additional options, together with Associate in Nursing eight.0-inch touchscreen, head-up show, animal skin seats, and a a lot of powerful engine.

WHAT uncommon EYES you’ve got

Most cars have a fairly well outlined face. The headlights ar the “eyes,” and also the grille is that the “mouth.” With the Kona, Hyundai’s designers subverted expectations. The headlights ar divided into 2 parts, and that they don’t perform the approach you would possibly assume. the skinny higher strips, that most closely check ancient headlights, are literally the driving lights. The chunky lower structures, that look a lot of like fog lights, ar the particular headlights. It’s kind of like the arrangement on the motorcar Cherokee, however as a result of Hyundai didn’t ought to adhere to seventy years of styling tradition, it might form the remainder of the Kona to match.

The Kona blurs the road between crossover and hatchback. The long hood and helmet-shaped roof provide the Kona a sleek, car-like silhouette whereas the grey plastic body protective cover and jacked-up ride height add a dose of strength. A style like this can forever be a matter of style, however Hyundai deserves credit for attempting one thing totally different.

The interior is far a lot of typical. the sole uncommon style touches in our take a look at automotive were distinction handicraft and a few trim items within the same Lime Twist color because the exterior. the inside remains a pleasant place to be, though. Controls ar well placed, and also the seats ar comfy. Outward visibility is incredibly smart similarly. Drivers expecting the commanding driving position of a standard crossover are frustrated, however. On the road, semi trucks feel even as daunting as they’d in any little hatchback.

The Kona blurs the road between crossover and hatchback, and its styling reflects that.

Materials aren’t fancy, tho’ they’re of applicable quality for a automotive during this value vary. Thankfully, Hyundai didn’t attempt to jazz things up with easily-smudged piano black trim, instead going for rough-textured plastic that appears find it irresistible can get up well to abuse.

Our take a look at automotive had the elective eight.0-inch touchscreen show (lower-level models get smaller screens). The screen was straightforward to succeed in on its perch atop the dashboard, and also the menus were reasonably set out, though it had been generally a touch slow in addition up once beginning the automotive. atiny low liquid crystal display screen within the analog instrument cluster supplements the most screen, in conjunction with a head-up show. customary on the last word, it’s a budget kind that comes onto atiny low plastic screen, instead of the screen itself. however the show is straightforward to browse, and doesn’t block the driver’s outward vision.

The Kona comes customary with Apple CarPlay and robot motor vehicle compatibility, with wireless phone charging obtainable as Associate in Nursing possibility. The handily set wireless-charging pad was almost about the sole safe place to place a phone, as they was projectiles once left anyplace else.

LIGHT ON UTILITY
Like most different vehicles during this class, the Kona offers rider and product area that ar nearer to atiny low hatchback than a standard crossover. Among its competitive set, the Kona offers respectable overall rider volume, though the Honda HR-V offers a lot of. Headroom and rear legroom are a touch tight compared to several competitors.

2019 hyundai kona final awd eleven
Stephen Edelstein/Digital Trends
At 19.2 solid feet with the rear seats, and 45.8 solid feet with the rear seats rolled, the Kona is regarding mid-pack during this section once it involves product area. The Ford EcoSport, Nissan Kicks, and Honda HR-V all provide a lot of. The Honda has the value-added bonus of a fold-flat rear seat.

With its rear seats up, the Kona’s enclosure quickly crammed up throughout a weekend searching trip, and also the overflow had to be placed on Associate in Nursing unoccupied rider seat. It’s arduous to imagine, say, taking a road trip within the Kona and finding enough area for four folks and their stuff. Granted, this is often a drag common to all or any vehicles during this section. It shows that purchasing a small crossover just like the Kona is a lot of regarding wanting one thing a lot of trendy than a normal hatchback, not regarding needing additional utility.

SURPRISINGLY jazzy
At least the Kona’s petite proportions build it nice to drive. It feels agile and eager, with responsive steering and taut suspension that will an excellent job of dominant body appear corners. The Kona wasn’t designed to be a performance automotive, however it’s still numerous fun to pilot down a crooked road, similarly as a decent ally once scything through urban traffic. However, the stiffness of the suspension makes for a really uncomfortable ride on something however dead swish pavement.

The Kona wasn’t designed to be a performance automotive, however it’s still numerous fun to pilot down a crooked road.

A big a part of our take a look at car’s charm was the elective one.6-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine. The four-banger produces one hundred seventy five power unit and 195 pound-feet of torsion, and is coupled to a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission. Lower-level Kona models get a a pair of.0-liter naturally-aspirated four-cylinder engine creating 147 power unit and 132 lb-ft, with a six-speed transmission system. Hyundai additionally sells a Kona electrical model, however it’s solely obtainable in bound electric-car-friendly regions of the country at now.

The turbocharged engine offers over enough power for a vehicle of this size, which power comes on quickly while not a touch of turbo lag. however it’s the dual-clutch transmission that basically sets the Kona apart. Most competitors use typical converter automatics or incessantly variable transmissions (CVTs) for value-added refinement. however the Hyundai dual-clutch gearbox’s snappy shifts gave the Kona a jazzy feel, even compared to fun-loving little crossovers just like the Mazda CX-3 and Honda HR-V.

2019 hyundai kona final awd nineteen
Stephen Edelstein/Digital Trends
All-wheel drive one.6-liter turbo Konas like our take a look at automotive ar rated at twenty seven mpg combined (26 mpg town, twenty nine mpg highway) by the independent agency. Over every week of (admittedly exuberant) driving on a mixture of highways, back roads, and town streets, we have a tendency to were solely able to average twenty three.7 mpg in step with the car’s trip laptop.

Front-wheel drive Kona models with the one.6-liter turbocharged engine get Associate in Nursing EPA-rated thirty mpg combined (28 mpg town, thirty two mpg highway). Models with the bottom naturally-aspirated a pair of.0-liter engine ar rated at thirty mpg combined (27 mpg town, thirty three mpg highway) and twenty seven mpg combined (25 mpg town, thirty mpg highway) with front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive, severally.

RIVALS

The Hyundai Kona has various rivals, however we’ve narrowed it all the way down to the highest 3.

Honda HR-V (base price: $21,515): The Honda offers a lot of rider and product area than the Hyundai, and a lot of customary driver aids. not like the Kona, the HR-V are often had with adaptive control, though the feature is Associate in Nursing elective additional. The HR-V is decent fun to drive, however lack of power and a retarded CVT hold it back.

Mazda CX-3 (base price: $21,435): The CX-3 has the moves to match the Kona on a crooked road, however the Hyundai’s elective turbocharged engine has rather more power. Mazda’s rotary flick controller is intuitive, however the CX-3 offers considerably less interior area than the Hyundai.

Nissan Kicks (base price: $19,585): The Kicks offers a lot of interior area than the Kona, however it’s missing one vital feature: all-wheel drive. Nissan created the Kicks front-wheel drive solely to lower the value, however all-wheel drive is one amongst the most reasons for getting a crossover. The Kicks isn’t as exciting to drive because the Kona, however it will have a softer ride. Styling is far a lot of conservative, however that will be a and for a few patrons.

PEACE OF MIND

Hyundai offers a 10-year, 100,000-mile powertrain assurance and five-year, 60,000-mile transferable restricted assurance represent a number of the foremost generous coverage within the business. whereas the Kona is fairly new (it went on sale as a 2018 model), Hyundai includes a smart overall name for dependability, and also the Korean complete scored well within the most up-to-date J.D. Power Initial Quality Study.

The Kona comes customary with forward collision rejection, lane keep assist, and a driver attention monitor. Blind spot observance and rear cross traffic alert ar customary on nigh the bottom SE trim level, whereas the last word trim level gets a pedestrian-detection feature. However, adaptive control isn’t obtainable at any value.

The Kona received the best prime Safety Pick+ rating from the Insurance Institute for road Safety (IIHS), however solely with the elective frontal pedestrian detection system and diode headlights (both options ar customary on final models like our take a look at car). The National road Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) gave the Kona a five-star overall safety rating.

HOW DT WOULD piece THIS automotive
In this case, the name final is suitable. If you would like all of the technical school the Kona should provide, you wish the highest trim level. the last word gets the eight.0-inch touchscreen, wireless phone charging, and alert show, similarly as pedestrian detection and automatic high beams. It additionally incorporates notable options from the lower-level restricted model, together with animal skin seats, a sunroof, and the 1.6-liter turbocharged engine/dual-clutch transmission dance orchestra.

SHOULD YOU GET ONE?

Yes. The Hyundai Kona’s extroverted styling, energetic driving dynamics, and wise technical school set it except for different equally sized crossovers, and supply justification for selecting the Kona over a less expensive little hatchback. However, if rider and product area ar a priority, a a lot of ancient crossover just like the Hyundai Tucson may be a higher possibility.