---
layout: post
title: "BMW M135i xDrive review AWD, 306bhp hot hatch tested"
description: My Cars.
image: 'https://www.topgear.com/sites/default/files/styles/564w/public/cars-car/image/2015/06/1_0.jpg?itok=_oc3Qzmx'
category: ''
tags:
- CAR REVIEWS
introduction:

---

The hottest new one Series then. Hot enough?

Well the M135i xDrive has 306bhp, a lot of or less enough to pitch against itself against the Golf R and Mercedes-AMG A35. Not the A45, as a result of that’s a four hundred HP monster and also the folks from Munich have the M2 for that job.
No straight-six?

Nope, the M135i xDrive has solely a four-cylinder engine, once the previous M140i magnificently had six pistons in a very longitudinal formation.

Sigh.

So its a a lot of traditional hot-hatch layout?

Exactly. A cross a pair of.0-litre turbo engine, essentially front-drive in traditional circs, however able to dispatch 1/2 the torsion to the rear after you want it. conjointly it’s got Associate in Nursing actual mechanical Torsen diff at the front. And adaptational dampers. And strut braces.

Alright, performance 1st. Up to snuff?

They claim four.8 seconds to 62mph, so no slug. The engine may be a new 306bhp version of the two.0-litre four-cylinder, and there’s torsion and response all over, despite the very fact they lowered the compression magnitude relation to permit a lot of boost.
It doesn’t get strained revving to six,600rpm, thus I told the engine development chief I’d unnoticed the half dozen,000rpm red-line and he didn’t look upset. It sounds slightly coarse within the high register, however that’s honest enough. The speaker-based sound improvement at low revs may be a bit boomy for my style, but YMMV.

They tuned the eight-speed automobile ‘box to slam the shifts through at full throttle, however it’s sleek once you’re being sedate.

But not the tail-out capers of the M140i?

Well no, however most of the people got the elective 4WD for the M140i anyway.

The M135i xDrive’s grip is stupendous, a minimum of on a dry day. If you discover a well-sighted second-gear corner and use real abandon, it’ll do a elfish very little squirm. Provided anyway you’ve unsnarled the traction management and hit Sport mode, that affects torsion distribution.

Otherwise it’s all a touch speed-by-numbers, a bit mute, not Associate in Nursing interactive hunting dog. I came away thinking it’d be a lot of fun within the wet.

Still, the A35 is far constant.

The automobile i attempted was on adaptational dampers. The distinction between modes isn’t nice, however value having. And it’s able to soften itself enough for painless urban or long-distance transit.

Doesn’t look too strident?

Nope, it’s comparatively refined. however look laborious and you’ll see a special bobbly grille, big-smiling lower bumper, and slightly extended sills. Out back it’s a high rear spoiler and restyled bumper.

If you wish your 300bhp hatch to announce itself sort of a pearly king, Honda’s still the go-to.
Mind you Associate in Nursing elective set of wings, flics and different fake-carbon malarkey inhabits the BMW M Performance accessories catalogue if that’s your bag. It isn’t ours.

Have they adorned the cabin?

The seats area unit ancillary numbers with one-piece back-rests. Grippy suede and tech-fabric seats with many blue shading, and blue sewing elsewhere, were on the German-spec automobile I drove however the united kingdom catalogue looks to be leather-only in plain colors. The M flag stripes on the seatbelts is often value a second a lap.

As for the remainder of the cabin, see our main BMW 1-series review here.
It’s £37,230. That’s heaps.

Well, there’s lots of commonplace instrumentation, and if it’s a corporation automobile the 155g/km carbonic acid gas isn’t in any respect dangerous.

But is it very thus special?

It’s a unceasingly competent expert, that appears like a rejection. It’s conjointly fun after you very shake its tree. that matters. It goes toe-to-toe with its rivals.

But for a couple of years it’ll in all probability be seen within the context of a BMW that had no direct rivals: the previous M140i. That was a blemished machine truly, a touch too numb within the steering and bouncy within the damping to be a true champ. however nevertheless it did have six cylinders and will be the assaulter if you needed.

The M135i is a lot of sensible and real-world quicker, however speed isn’t everything.