---
layout: post
title: "Ferrari: “We need to be tons less predictable”"
description: My Cars.
image: 'https://gerhard-kuschnik.com/assets/img/3/huFCxAB8dg1dbf2J.jpg'
category: ''
tags:
- CAR SERVICE
introduction:

---

Rather than concentrate on ancient replacements and variants of existing models, Galliera hopes to rework Ferrari by introducing new segments to the line-up – and he’s not simply talking concerning its SUV, pegged for 2022.

“What we tend to try to try to to is become tons less foreseeable. we tend to area unit presently operating to revamp our product of the longer term.

“For example, the [recently revealed] SF90 Stradale isn’t a automotive that was in our product vary antecedently. It’s a totally new automotive, new technology, a brand new section. it’s what we tend to area unit career a ‘range supercar’. It’s not a LaFerrari. however it will supercar performance – and is accessible to a wider vary of consumers.”

Galliera has antecedently confirmed there’ll be 5 models launched this year. We’ve already seen the F8 Tributo and SF90 Stradale, whereas the remaining 3 area unit unknown. One is predicted to be a convertible variant of the 812 Superfast, and Galliera hinted that a minimum of one would be in an exceedingly “new segment” for Ferrari. 
He said: “There area unit 5 launches in 2019. we tend to area unit making new segments for Ferrari to draw in totally different client profiles. There area unit many shoppers United Nations agency area unit searching for one thing totally different.

“For example, Portofino isn’t essentially peak Ferrari however it’s additional elegant, lighter. there have been voluminous those who needed a Ferrari however were frightened by superior automotive. He continued: “We have a saying: totally different Ferraris for various Ferraristas.”

By increasing its breadth of models, Galliera believes the whole will maintain exclusivity whereas still growing. “This is our strategy for the longer term,” he said. “We’re not commerce additional of an equivalent product. we tend to grow while not pushing one model.

“We can see growth through new segments. and that we expect to grow more in higher-end models. as an example, the SF90, that encompasses a twenty fifth higher value than remainder of vary.”

Last year, Ferrari oversubscribed 9251 units, a figure that is predicted to grow this year. The introduction of its SUV in 2022 is about to push volume on the far side fifteen,000 units.