---
layout: post
title: "MG Hector service, warranty and buy back plans detailed"
description: My Cars.
image: 'http://secureservercdn.net/198.71.233.141/9b9.158.myftpupload.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Model-X-Supercharger-1-750x437-750x400.jpg'
category: ''
tags:
- CAR REVIEWS
introduction:

---

There’s no doubt about it. The MG Hector’s launch has been one of the big events of the automotive year in India so far. There was much buzz surrounding the SUV prior to its launch and, courtesy aggressive pricing, interest in the Hector has only grown since it went on sale. At last count, bookings for the SUV had crossed the 13,000 units mark. While the aggressive launch price is the big draw, Indian market newbie – MG – is going all-out to establish trust in the name and attract buyers unfamiliar with the brand. A key component of the strategy includes what the carmaker calls MG Shield. In brief, MG Shield encompasses a range of aftersales initiatives and plans offered on the Hector.

What does MG Shield entail? What are the terms? And what are the costs involved? Read on to know.

Warranty

The Hector comes with a 5-year warranty as standard with no mileage restrictions for private buyers and a 1,50,000km mileage cap for commercial buyers. The Hector’s standard warranty is the best among rival SUVs, and by a fair margin. MG officials insist the warranty conditions are “fuss free” though the fine print does reveal a 1-year warranty on the 12V/48V batteries and tyres, and a 3-year warranty on the infotainment system.

Service

MG is offering 5 free services on the Hector and owners will not be charged for labour costs on the first 5 scheduled services either. Also on offer are 2 maintenance plans – Classic covers routine maintenance while Premium covers wear and tear (excluding tyres, batteries and collision repairs) in addition to routine maintenance.