---
layout: post
title: "2020 Lexus RX Minor Changes to remain within the Game"
description: My Cars.
image: 'https://www.automoblog.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/2018_Lexus_RX_450h_010_B6AB4B18EF4BB6B44F09E11C7CC77DBB686F7FA4-750x400.jpg'
category: ''
tags:
- AUTO CAR
introduction:

---
Lexus is proud to mention that it made-up the luxurious crossover once it introduced the RX three hundred back in 1998. it had been a rapid hit and once on to become the brand’s incomparable , popular model. In 2018, it accounted for twenty ninth of total Lexus sales across the world.

Can the corporate actually claim that it made-up the segment? The lines between a crossover associated an SUV area unit blurred, however primarily, a crossover vehicle uses a automotive platform—the original RX and therefore the Lexus metal sedan shared an equivalent architecture—and associate SUV boasts a body-on-frame style. Technically, the RX may be a crossover and therefore the larger Lexus GX may be a true SUV. So yes, the RX was so one thing new on the market.

The current-generation RX was introduced for the 2016 model year, whereas the longer-wheelbase, seven-passenger RX L hit the market in 2018. each area unit receiving some enhancements for the 2020 model year, however nothing important. Why mess with an honest thing?

Greater Stiffness
The 2020 Lexus RX gets a rather revised front facia which may not appear all that totally different, however it will embody new lower bumper style and grille mesh, whereas triple-beam crystal rectifier light clusters area unit currently on the market. The taillights, rear bumper diffuser, exhaust shops and alloy wheels also are new. delicate changes, however visual cues that brings the crossover’s style nearer to the brand’s newer merchandise.

In order to extend the vehicle’s stiffness, Lexus engineers applied optical maser spot attachment to the frame, simply aft of the rear door handles. It looks insignificant, however this additional attachment allowed for a revision of the rear suspension to cut back body roll, noise and vibration, whereas up steering response.

No changes are created underhood, which suggests the RX still depends on a three.5-litre V6 that develops 295 power unit within the regular-wheelbase variant, and 290 within the RX L. It’s connected to associate eight-speed automatic drive associated an all-wheel drivetrain. Fuel economy is competitive in its class with a combined city/highway rating of ten.8 L/100 km—or eleven.1 within the case of the RX L.

The hybrid variants of the RX area unit attention-grabbing, as their powertrain produces a complete output of 308 power unit and serves up a combined rating of seven.9 L/100 km—8.1 for the RX L. These vehicles area unit notably stinting in town driving, wherever the electrical motors will step in and supply movement whereas the V6 engine takes a possibility. and therefore the transitions from gas to electrical to gas propulsion area unit seamless.

During a really temporary drive of the 2020 model, whereas we tend to were collaborating in Lexus’ Milestones event in Central American country to celebrate the brand’s thirtieth day of remembrance, it had been not possible to recognize the handling enhancements brought on by the suspension revisions, however the 2019 model is already pretty solid. We’ll denote here that the RX doesn’t ride on the company’s recently developed—and imposingly stiff—TNGA platform, that underpins the majority new Toyota and Lexus vehicles.

Android motor vehicle Integration
The 2020 Lexus RX’s moving picture system options associate eight-inch touchscreen as commonplace, while a 12.3-inch unit may be specified . the corporate brought some enhancements to the interface, like larger on-screen button zones and improved voice command code. However, the console-mounted touchpad remains troublesome to use whereas driving.

Owners will predate the brand’s software system by plugging in their phone and exploitation Apple CarPlay or—new for 2020—Android motor vehicle. for several automotive shoppers, this might be the RX’s most important improvement. The car manufacturer guarantees to roll out automaton motor vehicle into different models inside succeeding few years, however as these lines area unit being written, the RX is that the solely Lexus to supply automaton motor vehicle.

The 2020 Lexus RX can press on sale this fall, though rating has not nevertheless been proclaimed. The 2019 edition presently ranges from $55,350 to $77,600 before freight and delivery charges. Once again, associate F SPORT packages area unit on the market on the regular-wheelbase RX 350 and RX 450h variants, adding a additional aggressive look, a posher interior and lots of comfort and convenience features—for a hefty total, though.

Should we tend to run to the concern and interchange our current-generation RX for the 2020 model? Nah. However, the minor enhancements can keep Lexus’ crossover competitive for succeeding number of years, before associate all-new, fifth-generation RX shows up. And it’s designed right here in Canada.