---
layout: post
title: "Toyota RAV4 priced at VND2.4 billion of toxic goods in Vietnam is revealed with strange details in the front"
description: My Cars.
image: 'https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/49572231511_84e80ba554_b.jpg'
category: ''
tags:
- NEWS CAR
introduction:

---


After returning to Vietnam at the end of 2019, the latest Toyota RAV4 came to the license plate and rolled on the road. This is said to be the most unique 2019 RAV4 in Vietnam so far.

Compared to the time of being brought back, in addition to the number plate, this Toyota RAV4 also has another difference located in the front bumper. If observant, it can be realized that the car owner has changed the fog lamp from the conventional halogen lamp to a xenon projector. Perhaps the reason why this person revamped the lights is to increase the light without touching the original lights. This vehicle is equipped with LED headlight system.

Not only is it unique in Vietnam, the Toyota RAV4 2019 also attracts attention with a strange blue color on the body and the white roof. The set of 5-spoke double spoke wheels is also strange, combining 2 contrasting tones. On the roof of the car has a large price to transport goods.

Toyota RAV4 2019 belongs to the fifth generation of this model. In the new generation, the car not only completely changes the design but also owns a TNGA chassis that helps reduce weight and extend the wheelbase.

Interior car outside the steering wheel featured no more conservative old-style Toyota. 8 inch floating screen. Many details angled silver trim points add orange borders to create accents. The car clock is a combination of a mechanical type and a digital screen, similar to the Camry sold in Vietnam.


Toyota RAV4 is equipped with a 4-cylinder, 2.5-liter engine, producing 203 horsepower and an 8-speed automatic transmission. Active safety technologies such as blind spot and lane departure warning are all on this model.